README.md, before:

# Light Control System

> Web application for a home automation light control system.

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#usage)
2. [Testing](#testing)

## Demo

👉 Watch Demo Video <a href="https://youtu.be/KEKBAi8L17Y">here</a>.

<br>

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/DorkYE4.png">

## Achievements



## Build Process

1. Rendered room data with [Light API](https://github.com/resin-io/light-api).
2. Created table with the room data using [Redintion Library](https://github.com/resin-io-modules/rendition).
3. Rendered light switches and created toggleSwitch method with [react-toggle-switch library](https://github.com/pgrimard/react-toggle-switch).
4. Looked into different libraries for rendering the round sliderbar for light controlling, and decided to go with [roundSlider jQuery plugin](https://github.com/soundar24/roundSlider). I made this decision in order to improve UI with a better user exprience. 
Other libraries I considered: [React Circular Slider bar library](https://github.com/alexsyo/react-circular-slider-bar),  [React Range slider library](https://whoisandy.github.io/react-rangeslider)
5. To highlight the room user selects, I added 'highlight' class to the selected table row.
6. To make arrow from the Display point to the highlighted room, I used [pseudostyle library](http://mcgivery.com/htmlelement-pseudostyle-settingmodifying-before-and-after-in-javascript) to change 'top' style attribute dynamically.
7. Used [HTML Color Codes](https://html-color-codes.info/colors-from-image) to match components colors with the wireframe design. 
8. Added detailed styling to match with the wireframe design.
9. Achieved 85% unit testing coverage.

## Requirements

> User should be able to turn lightbulbs on and off, set the brightness of a lightbulb.

I used React Toggle Switch to turn the lightbulbs on/off, and roundSlider to set the brightness of a lightbulb by dragging the handle. 

> Setting a bulb to 0% brightness should be the equivalent of turning it off and a light bulb that is switched off should show 0% brightness.

When user drags the roundSlider, a method `lightControl()` gets invoked to set the brightness value dynamically. When the brightness value is 0, a method `getSwitchStatus()` gets invoked with `false` value and it turns the light switch off. 

## Prerequisites

An `nvmrc` file is included if using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).

- Node 6.13.0

## Usage

From within the root directory:

1. Install project dependencies & Build a client bundle with Webpack::

```sh
npm install
```

2. Open `public/index.html` in your browser

3. Enjoy!

## Testing

```sh
npm test
```

## Built With

* [React](https://reactjs.org/) 
* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)
* [Light API](https://github.com/resin-io/light-api)
* [Redintion](https://github.com/resin-io-modules/rendition)
* [React Toggle Switch](https://github.com/pgrimard/react-toggle-switch)
* [RoundSlider](https://github.com/soundar24/roundSlider)

## Style Guide

Refer to the [AirBnb Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

Commit message:

Add input element for changing the descriptive name of a particular light bulb

README.md, after:

# Light Control System

> Web application for a home automation light control system.

## Table of Contents

1. [Usage](#usage)
2. [Testing](#testing)

## Demo

👉 Watch Demo Video <a href="https://youtu.be/KEKBAi8L17Y">here</a>.

<br>

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/0dPWIoB.png">

## Achievements

1. Clean and simple UI
2. Dynamically change brightness by sliderbar and light switches
3. Improved maintainability to dynamically rendering data
4. Focused on lightweight and performant code
5. Achieved 85% unit testing coverage

## Build Process

1. Rendered room data with [Light API](https://github.com/resin-io/light-api).
2. Created table with the room data using [Redintion Library](https://github.com/resin-io-modules/rendition).
3. Rendered light switches and created toggleSwitch method with [react-toggle-switch library](https://github.com/pgrimard/react-toggle-switch).
4. Looked into different libraries for rendering the round sliderbar for light controlling, and decided to go with [roundSlider jQuery plugin](https://github.com/soundar24/roundSlider). I made this decision in order to improve UI with a better user exprience. 
Other libraries I considered: [React Circular Slider bar library](https://github.com/alexsyo/react-circular-slider-bar),  [React Range slider library](https://whoisandy.github.io/react-rangeslider)
5. To highlight the room user selects, I added 'highlight' class to the selected table row.
6. To make arrow from the Display point to the highlighted room, I used [pseudostyle library](http://mcgivery.com/htmlelement-pseudostyle-settingmodifying-before-and-after-in-javascript) to change 'top' style attribute dynamically.
7. Used [HTML Color Codes](https://html-color-codes.info/colors-from-image) to match components colors with the wireframe design. 
8. Added detailed styling to match with the wireframe design.
9. Added automatic testing for each components.

## Requirements

> User should be able to turn lightbulbs on and off, set the brightness of a lightbulb.

I used React Toggle Switch to turn the lightbulbs on/off, and roundSlider to set the brightness of a lightbulb by dragging the handle. 

> Setting a bulb to 0% brightness should be the equivalent of turning it off and a light bulb that is switched off should show 0% brightness.

When user drags the roundSlider, a method `lightControl()` gets invoked to set the brightness value dynamically. When the brightness value is 0, a method `getSwitchStatus()` gets invoked with `false` value and it turns the light switch off. 

## Prerequisites

An `nvmrc` file is included if using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).

- Node 6.13.0

## Usage

From within the root directory:

1. Install project dependencies & Build a client bundle with Webpack::

```sh
npm install
```

2. Open `public/index.html` in your browser

3. Enjoy!

## Testing

```sh
npm test
```

## Built With

* [React](https://reactjs.org/) 
* [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)
* [Light API](https://github.com/resin-io/light-api)
* [Redintion](https://github.com/resin-io-modules/rendition)
* [React Toggle Switch](https://github.com/pgrimard/react-toggle-switch)
* [RoundSlider](https://github.com/soundar24/roundSlider)

## Style Guide

Refer to the [AirBnb Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).
